hello everybody what I have here is a
snapper with a two-cycle Wisconsin Robin
engine in my opinion quite possibly the
world's most perfect engine I can't
remember the model number offhand out
there it is it's a 2 1 4 X I PR - 2 what
that means a lot but basically this is
one of my favorite engines unfortunately
I don't really care for the snap or deck
I would really really like to put this
engine on a Toro super recycler like my
commercial Toros that I use to me that
would be the perfect setup I don't
really care for the snapper
self-propelled design I don't like I
don't like this thing I do not like it
at all I hate this but it's something
that you kind of get used to after you
use it for a while to me the handle
seems flimsy I guess I'm used to the
one-piece Toro handles not sure but
pretty good mower
I mean the things built like a damn tank
other than the handle build quality is
nice I have the I have the mulching
cover on right now it has a side
discharge but don't really do that much
because I just
mulch most of the times but
I hadn't give it a pause here
if you want to join the discussion go to
WWI attractor form comm and sign up
later on